A modern day adventure, the school project.
Could I ask you something?
Claudia said to her study group.
Has anyone finished the history project yet?
As four of us sat there in silence, she
knew she had to get her act together.
Every other day for the past week, we had
talked about it, but no one had gotten started.
Well, I told myself, it's time to spill
the beans.
I haven't even gone to the library.
Claudia, being the most organized among
ourselves, suggested we help each other.
As we brainstormed, I listened carefully
to everyone's ideas.
Those who work together get better grades.
She explained.
The project would cost an arm and a leg
in effort.
We needed to visit five different museums
seven times each.
Then, inspiration came when we thought of
using our smartphones for research.
How far do you think we'll need to walk?
Asked Fernando.
Beside the main museum, there are eight
others we could check out.
After visiting eight museums, we realized
we had only one more left to explore.
We had known this would be challenging,
but to make a long story short, we needed
to stop procrastinating.
We had played around with different
ideas, but couldn't decide.
Okay, so here's the plan.
Claudia announced.
Right now, there's an elephant in the room.
None of us has taken any action yet.
She was correct.
We had seen the deadline approaching, but
hadn't done anything.
I'm not sure I follow.
Said Mike.
I wanted to tell them that we could use
the internet for some research.
Could you speak a little louder?
The cafeteria was noisy with 90 students
having lunch.
Excuse me?
Claudia raised her voice over 20
chattering freshmen.
We're going to divide the work.
This project is ours to conquer.
Fernando, whose project outline was his
to manage, would research the 1900s.
The statistical data was mine to analyze.
While the presentation is yours to design.
She explained to Mike.
The final report would be hers to write,
and the coordination was theirs to
handle, referring to our other teammates.
No cap, fam.
This vibe is Gucci.
Exclaimed Mike, trying to sound woke.
Yes.
The mood is perfect for a study session.
Claudia replied.
Some teachers walked by, and speak of the
devil, it was Karen from the history
department, known for being the strictest teacher.
We decided to jump on the bandwagon of
using the new study room, which could fit
30 to 40 students.
I'd like to give this my best shot.
Said Claudia.
You do your part yourselves, and I'll do
mine myself at the same time.
The room had 10 computers, 600 books, and
enough space for 80 people.
FOMO is real.
Texted our friend who couldn't come.
Bet you'll wish you were here.
We replied.
Some students acted like simps around
Claudia, who was thirsty for knowledge
and had major clout in academic circles.
Her bae, who visited once a week, brought
us snacks four times a month.
These resources are a dime a dozen.
Fernando complained, but he was capping.
The materials we found were actually
quite valuable.
We gathered some hundreds and thousands
of historical data from various sources.
We worked until someone said, I hope not
to sound dramatic, but we might bite off
more than we can chew.
I hope so, then we'll finish on time.
Claudia responded.
The group had played their parts well,
and we had come together effectively.
Past projects hadn't gone this smoothly,
we were not organized then, but we are
now, and we will be even better next time.
To add insult to injury, the printer
broke down after we had completed 50 pages.
Do we fix it now?
Did we save everything?
Will we meet the deadline?
These questions needed answers.
Claudia, being the best student in class,
while I was arguably the worst, calmly
handled the situation.
The most important thing was that we had
known what to do.
These technical issues.
Timing is terrible, she said.
By the end of the day, we could chill
knowing we had done our best.
Looking at ourselves in the library's
reflection, we felt proud.
The children's projects from last year
weren't nearly as good as ours.
Claudia commented.
We earned 100 points on the project, the
highest score possible.
The teacher's feedback was glowing.
We had truly created something
remarkable, proving that together, we
could achieve anything.